README.md, before:

## Javascript Data Structures and Algorithms

### JS cool stuff

- [Object.is check](isObject.js)

### Numbers

- [isPrime check](isPrime.js)
- [primeFactors printing](primeFactors.js)
- [base 62 encoding](base62Encode.js)
- [base 62 decoding](base62Decode.js)
- [isInteger check](isInteger.js)

### Recursion

- [recursiveFibonacci](recursiveFibo.js)
- [tail recursive fibonacci](tailRecursionFibo.js)

### Sorting

- [insertion sort](insertionSort.js)
- [quicksort](quickSort.js)
- [quick select (nth smallest number)](quickSelect.js)
- [mergesort](mergeSort.js)

### Bit Manipulations

- [Bit Addition](bitAddition.js)
- [Bit Substract](bitSubstraction.js)
- [Bit Multiply](bitMultiply.js)
- [Bit simple division](bitDivision.js)

### Trees

- [Binary Search](binarySearch.js)
- [BST pre-order inteative traversal](preOrderTraversal.js)
- [BST in-order interative traversal](inOrderTraversal.js)
- [BST post-order interative traversal](postOrderTraversal.js)
- [BST level-order traversal](levelOrderTraversal.js)
- [AVL trees insert](avlInsert.js)
- [LCA in BST](lcaBst.js)
- [LCA in Binary Tree](lcaBt.js)


### Arrays

- [Median](median.js)


### Strings

- [kmp search](kmp.js)
- [Rabin Karp search](rk.js)

Commit message:

number of dup keys in sorted array in logn binary search

README.md, after:

## Javascript Data Structures and Algorithms

### JS cool stuff

- [Object.is check](isObject.js)

### Numbers

- [isPrime check](isPrime.js)
- [primeFactors printing](primeFactors.js)
- [base 62 encoding](base62Encode.js)
- [base 62 decoding](base62Decode.js)
- [isInteger check](isInteger.js)

### Recursion

- [recursiveFibonacci](recursiveFibo.js)
- [tail recursive fibonacci](tailRecursionFibo.js)

### Sorting

- [insertion sort](insertionSort.js)
- [quicksort](quickSort.js)
- [quick select (nth smallest number)](quickSelect.js)
- [mergesort](mergeSort.js)

### Bit Manipulations

- [Bit Addition](bitAddition.js)
- [Bit Substract](bitSubstraction.js)
- [Bit Multiply](bitMultiply.js)
- [Bit simple division](bitDivision.js)

### Trees

- [BST pre-order inteative traversal](preOrderTraversal.js)
- [BST in-order interative traversal](inOrderTraversal.js)
- [BST post-order interative traversal](postOrderTraversal.js)
- [BST level-order traversal](levelOrderTraversal.js)
- [AVL trees insert](avlInsert.js)
- [LCA in BST](lcaBst.js)
- [LCA in Binary Tree](lcaBt.js)


### Arrays

- [Median](median.js)
- [Binary Search](binarySearch.js)
- [Number of duplicates in sorted array logN](dupsRange.js)


### Strings

- [kmp search](kmp.js)
- [Rabin Karp search](rk.js)
